Shenshuai was furious with thunder and sky drum
What prestige
In other words, others may really believe it
Come and sit for me
A sky-shaking drum
Thousands of troops come to meet
Who is in the Cold War?
Two sky-shaking drums
The cavalry rode over the top of ten thousand people
How come?
Sansheng Zhentian Bone
Earth collapse and sky splitting Shanhe County
Is it really going to collapse when Gu Sheng gets the money?
What are you doing with him?
Hurry up and kill him for me
Riyue Kaishan rocket
He is handsome
involuntarily
Participate in betrayal
Now pull back from the brink
I can save you.
You think you're just pretending to be a god in your whole outfit
Fool everyone
Can't fool me
Why are you touching him?
Get him
We are blocked
I want the opposite force
It's not a hundred thousand sins. It's hard to die in front of the witch machine